operators team info and slight reorg (#937)
jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy: docs/source/index.rst

Site Reliability Guide for mybinder.org
=======================================

What is the mybinder.org operations team?
-----------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: I would keep this sentence before the heading (L4) to give people who land here an idea where they are. Even before I care what the ops team is I care about "where the heck am I here and why is there an ops team?"

Behind the mybinder.org deployment is a team of contributors that
donate their time to keeping mybinder.org running smoothly. This
role is often called a
`Site Reliability Engineer <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Site_Reliability_Engineering>`_.
(or SRE). We informally call this team the "mybinder.org operators".

This site is a collection of wisdom, tools, and other helpful information that the
mybinder.org operations team uses for maintenance and team-processes
around the BinderHub deployment at `mybinder.org <https://mybinder.org>`_.

**If you're interested in helping the mybinder.org operations team**, first
check out `this post on what an operator does <https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/the-operators-no-binder-isnt-forming-a-rock-band/694>`_.

> If that still sounds interesting to you, please reach out to the operations team

Reviewer: I wouldn't use "if this still sounds interesting...", how about "To show your interest please post [here](link to specific thread) or stop by the [operations gitter channel](link here) and introduce yourself." or something?

Author: ok, added in a new thread to Discourse and update the language here, LMKWYT

via the `Jupyter Discourse <https://discourse.jupyter.org>`_.

Note that if you're not interested in information about the mybinder.org BinderHub deployment,

> you may find more useful information elsewhere. If you're looking for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may find more useful information elsewhere. If you are looking for the
```
I prefer no contractions in written English ... just personal taste

> Binder docs, `see this link <https://docs.mybinder.org>`_. If you're looking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation on how to use mybinder.org, `see the user facing documentation <https://docs.mybinder.org>`_. If you're looking
```
"Binder" is an overloaded term so I tried to use something else. If you accept this change we should also remove the `the` on the previous line (I think).

for information on deploying your own BinderHub

> `see this link <https://binderhub.readthedocs.io>`_.

Reviewer: I'd remove the first sentence, the start of the other sentences makes it clear that this is about "other places for information" IMHO. Should we move this to the top before the "what is the ops team" heading? That way people who are in the wrong place get redirected early.
